OSDOCS5736: Document CMA metrics (#59040)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/nodes-pods-autoscaling-custom-metrics-access.adoc

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// * nodes/pods/nodes-pods-autoscaling-custom.adoc
// Modeled after migration-accessing-performance-metrics.adoc

:_content-type: PROCEDURE
[id="nodes-pods-autoscaling-custom-metrics-access_{context}"]
= Accessing performance metrics

> The Custom Metrics Autoscaler Operator records metrics and pulls them into on-cluster monitoring storage. You can query the metrics by using Prometheus Query Language (PromQL) to diagnose migration performance issues. All metrics are reset when the Migration Controller pod restarts.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Custom Metrics Autoscaler Operator expose ready to use metrics that all pulled from the on-cluster monitoring component. You can query the metrics by using the Prometheus Query Language (PromQL) to analyze and diagnose issues. All metrics are reset when the controller pod restarts.
```

Author: Outdated

> You can access the performance metrics and run queries by using the {product-title} web console.

Reviewer: Not sure all metrics are "performance metrics".

Reviewer 2: I agree.

.Procedure

. In the {product-title} web console, click *Observe* -> *Metrics*.

> . Enter a PromQL query, select a time window to display, and click *Run Queries*.

Reviewer: Does it make sense to provide a ready-to-use query as an example?

Author: It might. Do you have one we could use?

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// * nodes/pods/nodes-pods-autoscaling-custom.adoc
// Modeled after migration-accessing-performance-metrics.adoc

:_content-type: PROCEDURE
[id="nodes-pods-autoscaling-custom-metrics-access_{context}"]
= Accessing performance metrics

The Custom Metrics Autoscaler Operator exposes ready-to-use metrics that it pulls from the on-cluster monitoring component. You can query the metrics by using the Prometheus Query Language (PromQL) to analyze and diagnose issues. All metrics are reset when the controller pod restarts.

You can access the metrics and run queries by using the {product-title} web console.

.Procedure

. Select the *Administrator* perspective in the {product-title} web console.

. Select *Observe* -> *Metrics*.

> . To create a custom query, add your Prometheus Query Language (PromQL) query to the *Expression* field.

Reviewer 3: already spelled out previously, but doesn't hurt to spell out again
